hello everyone time for another indie
box I do not know which game is in here
which is in contrast to what we've been
having the last Q&A boxes they always
seem to get spoiled for me for you know
different emails that get sent out and
that sort of thing I really need to stop
reading the new box emails because I
like it when I'm surprised so I do not
know which game this is gonna be let's
see what it is I have no clue and it's
moon hunters this is this is something
I've never heard of before let's see and
let's see they don't have that any box
challenge anymore which kind of sucks
cuz I never opened them like enough time
to give myself an opportunity to
participate in those let's see what's in
these cards say hopefully some cool more
free games let's say you always have
this part right here I don't know if
this is supposed to like make a bigger
piece of the puzzle or something I don't
know Eddie from brutal legend moon
hunters the ritual list this sounds like
this is going to be an RPG or something
let's say apathy on Zeus and Alchemist
from Sivan the ascent and let's see aa
full game download and you know what I'm
gonna go ahead and give this to you
because I already have this game still
on the ascent or savant ascent whatever
I played a little bit of it um
I've mixed feelings but I haven't really
played enough of it though to give a
good opinion so I'm just gonna give you
guys the code only be lucky guys we'll
go ahead and be able to if he'll focus I
hope you guys can read that if not I'll
type it down below but yeah so it's a
pretty decent game I got during a Steam
sale for very very little money and not
the recent Steam Silva an earlier one
and yeah I'm gonna put more time into it
just like a lot of people I to have
fallen into the trap of having way more
games in my Steam library than I'll ever
be able
so let's add one to that ah this is moon
hunters and from Kitfox games let's see
moon hunters local co-op oh jeez I hope
it isn't mandatory local co-op because I
have no friends
let's see limited edition 1000 and 5000
let's see and comes in one of these nice
little plastic covers again ooh that's a
pretty cover right there alright let's
see here
I have never heard this game I don't
know
usually like even with steam cells and
everything I've done more aware of the
in the market I know what else is out
there but this one I have never even
heard of it so this is gonna be a
complete surprise for me see they've
been using this really soft material
lately I don't know I have mixed
feelings about because it makes the box
a little weaker if you ask me like as
far as like the actual hmm like the
material I mean um okay recipe magnets
that's weird okay so I guess there's
some recipe crafty and they're stickers
stuck to the backlog but I guess that's
what stickers do don't they moon hunters
emblem let me put this away before I
kill my soul then indie box very cool
looks like a very artsy very cool game
let's say manual moon hunters
instruction manual I still don't know
what this game is again I think it's I
would guess it's RPG I don't know that's
what I'm getting to the feeling of does
it Savior about the game still doesn't
tell me okay well what about the the
controls don't seem to tell me a lot
base attack special attack mobility
attack okay so this looks like it's more
like a like an action RPG maybe if it's
action RPG that's great because I don't
do well with traditional
or Japanese RPGs oh hey if this is the
USB Drive I'm gonna freak out I don't
think it is I hope it's not okay oh my
god holy crap so you're supposed to put
this alright I gotta tell you guys
something about indie box something I
heard from from a friend actually so I
haven't seen myself firsthand but it is
pretty well confirmed they are game rid
of the USB it sucks they're getting rid
of this they are instead going to CDs I
think so now they're gonna have a actual
disc at least that's what somebody told
me online so but it doesn't seem like
somebody would make stuff up so I think
that is confirmed
I have bad feelings about that because I
really like these but maybe maybe
they're just going out with a bang right
here maybe this is the last USB so they
just want to make it you know as big and
grandiose as possible but yeah I I kind
of like that because that seems to me
like a cheaper route I think maybe they
might done it for quality control
reasons as you guys have known I've had
quite a few problems with USB drives
they send me and quite a few times I've
had to email them to get the correct
files because it doesn't work with what
they send me this though is incredible
you see if they did this just to go out
with a bang that is incredible oh geez
moon hunters the official soundtrack
oh no the model is still on me okay
pretty cool what else is in here
Hunter's a pen that you put on yourself
and things see it looks like the last
names in here yep last thing this is
coasters I guess are these coasters and
you want they didn't come that guide so
I don't know if these are supposed to be
coasters let's
I think they are yeah these are coasters
holy crap okay well they're pretty
they're really nice tree moon thing
kinda looks like this volcano very
strange it's almost like a like a
Rorschach test I think what do you think
of when you see this right here what do
you think
thank you for your mother okay good good
that's a very good sign all right and I
don't know what this game is still I
think it's probably let's see yeah it
doesn't even say here if this is you
know an RPG or action RPG
point-and-click what what it is but to
me it looks like it is maybe an action
RPG but whatever let's stop speculating
let's try the game already joint alright
so after I install the game I want to
try it out just to make sure that it
works so I played a quick game with the
first melee character he gives you and
already I was getting a bad feeling with
this game first off it's a medieval
setting that was already obvious from
the box but still it's just something
that I just don't do well with then I
find out the game runs like garbage on
my Brave Little Toaster for being such a
simple pixel art kind of game it is
surprisingly demanding so I apologize if
this looks bad it might run better on
your rig and also after sampling the
game for a few minutes I couldn't figure
out what it was I could tell it was a
real-time action but you still have
these RPG traits and levels and
power-ups and everything but the melee
combat was terrible the hit detection
was way off so right away I was like
damn it it's gonna be one of those games
this game is obviously not for me and
I'm gonna be dragging my feet to play it
just so that I can get some usable
footage but there is a happy ending here
I made a mistake because you should
never judge an indie box by its cover
later when I had an afternoon to myself
to just sink into the game I did a
complete 180 I was so wrong this is such
an enjoyable game the thing that really
turned it around for me was that I chose
a different character I decided to go
with this like projectile sorceress kind
of character and I immediately made the
game enjoyable
I still have performance issues here and
there but I no longer had to worry about
hit detection the game became playable
and I loved it I will admit that having
a projectile character chooses most of
the enemies but I do not see that as
being
pher because apparently this is supposed
to be a four player co-op game and since
I'm playing a single player i don't
really think it's a problem that i'm
overpowered and of course i figure out
the game so I could tell you now it is
brilliantly designed in fact I think it
is probably the best designed RPG I've
ever played the mechanics are simple but
they're so well done let me tell you how
they work so the game works on a four
day cycle the first day is like a normal
day and you go out on like a hunt and
when you come back they tell you a new
cult is in town and you will be killed
in three days because you represent the
old way of thinking so you have three
days to prepare yourself and each day
you go to a different area in each area
you fight enemies but you don't really
level up until you interact with NPCs on
the final day you confront the boss
whether you're prepared or not
and each gameplay session from start to
finish is only about thirty minutes long
so even though it's definitely an RPG
and it might look like a traditional
overhead RPG that's not what it is at
all it's not a 40-hour grind fest it's
not turn-based it's none of that and
that's one of the coolest elements
because there are some parts that look
like a traditional turn-based RPG but
it's as if those parts were played as a
real-time action game for instance there
are some battles that take place in like
a boxed area where you fight off waves
of enemies like you would expect in a
traditional turn-based RPG but again
it's in real time it is so strange by
which more RPGs would do that and here's
the thing I'm usually not a fan of RPGs
unless you mean strategy RPGs but that's
different I mean each game only takes 30
minutes so it's really addictive I just
want to play one game after the next and
this game has so much content in it each
character is completely different with
their own special attacks and abilities
there's different areas to start from
and that affects the story you get to
choose what you want to do after the day
is over they even have a cooking
mechanic which is surprisingly fun and
there's so much stuff that's hidden I
still haven't found everything every
time I would go back to the game to get
footage I would find new content for
instance you could get a pet companion
that helps you in battle like this one
time there's a Fox that kept tricking me
and in the story the Fox who even come
into my dreams and like pretend to be
someone and then in the end the Fox
helped me out with the final boss battle
so again there's a lot of content in
this game and something I didn't realize
is that the game released just a few
months ago so that's cool the indie box
guy game which is still pretty new and
that also means that whoever gets this
code is getting a good value so it's 15
bucks right now but I got to tell you
with all the content I think it is worth
that 15
if you're willing to spend that and this
is a type of game that would interest
you
then I absolutely recommend that you go
ahead and get it you were not gonna get
a 40-hour RPG but I think you are gonna
get $15 worth of value from it so again
that's kind of a point that I'm
hammering over your head that it is not
a traditional RPG but I think that's a
good thing like I said I'm not a fan of
RPGs but this is one of my favorite RPGs
ever because it's almost like it's
breaking the rules of why an RPG should
be I think it belongs to its own
sub-genre maybe we could call it a micro
RPG you know since it only takes 30
minutes to play it I know that I've been
like a hundred and ten percent positive
in this review but now that I've really
gotten into it I find it really hard to
find fault with this game probably the
only thing I could say that was really
disappointing with it is that there are
some characters like that first melee
one which are impossible to beat the
final boss with I have been the final
boss a few times already but again some
of those characters they do so little
damage that is impossible unless you
have somebody else playing with you but
like I said the rest of the game is
top-notch with a lot of these recent
indie boxes I've been making my review
after I completed the game and it's
retired to my shelf but with this game
I'm still in it there is still so much
to discover I still need to try out the
unlockable characters and the game is
short and fun it works in my schedule so
this game was a complete surprise I did
not expect to like it again if there's
one thing I learned it's don't judge in
any box by its cover
I am the hardest customer for this type
of game I was ready to hate it but
instead I loved it I think you would too
it sounds crazy but to whoever gets that
code tell me if I'm crazy and that's all
I got for today thanks for watching guys
I'll see you next time